Terms and conditions for MTA data feeds
Retrieved 2026-09-21 from https://new.mta.info/developers/terms-and-conditions
Page states: "Updated Mar 13, 2024"

CAPTURE NOTE: this is a rendered-text capture, not the raw HTML the other
files in this directory hold. mta.info returns HTTP 403 to curl even with
full browser headers, so the page was read in the browser pane and its text
copied here unaltered. Same situation as the MassDOT PDF, which also needed
the browser. Re-verify against the live page rather than trusting this file
alone if a clause is ever load-bearing.

---

Terms and conditions for MTA data feeds
Updated Mar 13, 2024

The MTA's data for the transportation services of MTA's operating agencies is
made available as a public service to application developers who agree to the
provisions of this access agreement and comply with its requirements.

By accessing our data feeds, you are agreeing to these Terms and Conditions.
This agreement authorizes you to download and host the data on a non-MTA
server (maintained by you or a third party) and to make the data available to
others who will access that non-MTA server.

MTA prohibits the development of an app that would make the data available to
others directly from MTA's server(s).

Terms of Agreement

The MTA's data feeds are provided without charge to users who agree to the
following:

In developing your app, you will provide that the MTA data feed is available
to others only from a non-MTA server. Accordingly, you will download and store
the MTA data feed on a non-MTA server which users of your app will access in
order to obtain data. MTA prohibits the development of an app that would make
the data available to others directly from MTA's server(s).

Unless you have an MTA license for your app, you will not state or imply in
any manner that your app is licensed by MTA or that the data is provided by an
MTA server. You may, however, indicate the data was obtained by you from an
MTA server and is stored on your own server. When using MTA Real-Time data
feeds, if there is a lag time of more than 1 minute between the real time of
the MTA data and the actual time of the MTA data as accessed from your server,
you will also indicate the information provided by your app to the end-user
may not be real time because of the lag time between the real time of the MTA
data and the MTA data as provided by you.

You will not state or imply that the data is accurate, complete, or timely.
You may however, state that you obtained the data from MTA and, through your
own server, are redistributing it.

You will not use the data or make it available in any manner that is
inaccurate, misleading, false, or unlawful.

You will not modify or delete any of the data. You may, however, create an app
that uses some but not all of the data.

You will access and review MTA's requirements for when you need a license from
MTA in order to distribute your app. If MTA's requirements require that you
have a license, you agree to promptly request a license.

MTA provides you with and you accept the data and the data feed "as is" and
without any MTA warranty or representation that the data or the data feed is
merchantable, accurate or complete, suitable or fit for a particular purpose,
compatible, available, reliable, non-infringing, secure, or virus free.

Your access to and receipt of the data feed is entirely at your own risk. You
are solely responsible for the development and use of your app, including but
not limited to determining and providing within and as part of the development
of your app for its design, functionality, and security features.

It is your responsibility to comply with all applicable laws including any laws
dealing with the ability of a person with a disability to access and use your
app. Even if such laws do not apply, MTA recommends and requests that insofar
as applicable and relevant, you include such accessibility and use in the
development of your app.

MTA reserves the right at any time for any reason or no reason and without
notice to you to:

Terminate or suspend the availability of the data feed.

Permanently or temporarily terminate your access to the data feed because MTA
has determined in its sole discretion that you have violated this agreement.

Change any or all of the provisions of this access agreement, including a
change which would require you to change your app or result in you not being
eligible to continue to access the data feed.

MTA will endeavor to inform you in advance of any of the above actions but has
no obligation to do so.
